Speak there, youtube movie.
Today I'm going to bring a viola to
you here on how you are using your
smartphone as the remote control of
download this app here by google
play
for you to see and what is remote philips
a universal remote control for smartv
philips demonstrated for you here goes
Search around my my tv
He works on the internet. He does not.
is an application that use red like
happens here with a remote control
works over the internet even if you do not
It appears you are not seeing yet here
not updating is looking for tv there
the ATV was found right down here
your TV does not appear in the list in touch
soon to read about the space justin
In this case, he would make a
highest rate scan on your tv
but as you found mine here right?
after his TV found and will open
here three guides right
this first guide to O Brother volleyball
you transcribed here reproduce
media files on devices
so if I click on it here it goes
be demonstrating to you and how you
it is
is to play your videos your photos and
everything on television is also right but
today it violates that on how to control
had it
So you're already coming down here.
oh, it's already here
you can see that it has an annual volume
it will respond in the right time is that
Here we are, we can change there.
you can switch channels to configure
the tv is not
here is another boy she has too
huh
and it is what is appearing low there
or shame device type rename
device then I will use all
The ones here to do this.
red green device type
device rename blue and help and the
yellow he is enabled at home
You're watching a movie through the pen.
I drive something I can control the
use this external hd version connected to
mine also had to be recording
here the choices I want to make that
is where I'm only here that I can're
entering for this boy here too
Right clicking smartv she will too.
you understand options is here right of
According to the sound to me, can you stir it up?
I had the car on the internet, right.
O stirring there can see the kind one asks us
and notebook
Can you see an okay?
right here is entering a channel that
here in android that in the case is
Omnipresent android I have here
I do not know if it's enabled here
then I can go I push the button
home for the back of here again, boy
huh
here is the opposite stirring and also as
You can be watching on netflix.
you may be controlling netflix
also with this normal application all
the functions of the television
smartphone can copy
perfectly here with this application to
my glass here in sailing is a
very interesting application renders
very interesting, you know I liked it
God damn you can stand 50 to 100
meters of your device is connected
that you can control
the tv is right because by law by
internet in these and have an ong and ibb
It's sending a good signal, let's suppose
10 meter 2050 without a quilombo than
be it if you play here it will
answer also understood
so this is it people here is
application right there
I would like to like and like
lacourt the channel, you fancy my fantasy and
Not on facebook, sure I'm leaving.
is this application and samsung is from LG
huh
already in the description of the video there for you
may be downloading and experiencing
beauty and see you next time the staff
said